requirements update for automated bio means (#632)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/requirements.md

The electronic facial image is a secondary means of authentication during operator-attended PIV issuance and maintenance processes
when fingerprint biometric data records are unavailable.

> PIV background investigation, identity proofing, registration, and issuance processes **MAY** be performed across multiple sessions at different facilities. If multiple sessions are needed, the applicant **SHALL** be linked through a positive biometric verification decision by automated comparison of biometric characteristics captured at a previous session and biometric characteristics captured during the current session. Issuers **SHALL** follow applicable federal laws and regulations regarding the retention and destruction of biometric data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PIV background investigation, identity proofing, registration, and issuance processes **MAY** be performed across multiple sessions at different facilities. If multiple sessions are needed, the applicant **SHALL** be linked through a positive biometric verification decision obtained from an automated comparison of biometric characteristics captured at a previous session to biometric characteristics captured during the current session. Issuers **SHALL** follow applicable federal laws and regulations regarding the retention and destruction of biometric data.
```

The applicant **SHALL** appear in person at least once before the issuance of a PIV Card, either at the issuing facility or at a supervised remote identity proofing station (as described in [Section 2.7.1](requirements.md#s-2-7-1)).

During identity proofing, the applicant **SHALL** be required to provide two original forms of identity source

> documents.[^documents] These documents **SHALL** be validated to ensure that they are genuine and authentic, not counterfeit, fake, or forgeries. Validation of physical security features **SHALL** be performed by trained staff. When they are available, cryptographic security features **SHOULD** be used to validate evidence. The identity source documents **SHALL** relates to the applicant. The identity source documents **SHALL NOT**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documents.[^documents] These documents **SHALL** be validated to ensure that they are genuine and authentic, not counterfeit, fake, or forgeries. Validation of physical security features **SHALL** be performed by trained staff. When they are available, cryptographic security features **SHOULD** be used to validate evidence. The identity source documents **SHALL** relate to the applicant. The identity source documents **SHALL NOT**
```
